[Icons] Add new icons (#2964)
KissKissBankBank/kitten: CHANGELOG.md

## [unreleased]

- Feature: `Icons`: Add the following icon components:
  - `BankCardIconNext`,
  - `CubeIconNext`,
  - `CrossCircleEmptyIconNext`
- Feature: `StarIconNext`: Add `bgColor` prop.

> - Feature: `Icons`: Move icons :
>   - `RefundIcon`,
>   - `GiftIcon`,
>   - `LockOutlineIcon`
> to `icon-next` file.

Reviewer: ça sera peut-être plus lisible en écrivant 
```suggestion
- Feature: `Icons`: Move the following icons to `icons-next` directory:
  - `RefundIcon`,
  - `GiftIcon`,
  - `LockOutlineIcon`
```
